what up dudes my name is Ben or heart
shenanigans and I actually have to do a
second take because my audio messed up
the first time um fun fact about me i
always do my videos in one take all of
marie recaps i was doing one take I
think I I don't know for some reason for
me it adds I don't know it's it's just
uncensored just you know whatever
whatever the hell I wanted to say at the
time and I think I think that's a good
thing I don't know I like that I'm able
to do my videos and one take but this
one obviously I can't do that because
the the audio messed up the first time
around which isn't too cool I don't know
why I got this new microphone and this
is the first issue I've had with it so
I'm sitting here like eyeing the thing
whether or not it's gonna completely
fuck me up the stunt so but anyways uh I
wanted to talk to you guys a little bit
about the e world versus the real world
and you if you guys haven't noticed yet
I've been gone for a couple days like I
said and the e world versus the real
world how do I start with this so if you
guys are look at that bullshit holy fuck
that was a killcam worth watching
anyways II World versuri roll so if any
of you guys know that are that are
really active into into YouTube either
you post videos or you know whatever you
do your online a lot you know there's
this um like e play xbox a lot whatever
whatever it is there's this you know
point where you realize that you're
almost you just it's sucking up your
life I guess you could say it's it's
just taking away from you don't have
this this balance between the e world
and the real world and what's going on
outside and you know I've I've kind of
been feeling that lately just a little
overwhelmed I guess you could say and
and I needed to kind of get my balance
back in my way of doing that is
compensating you know just completely
just kind of take myself away from it
for a couple days and relax and hang out
with my friends and shit like that and
I think that's good to do every once in
a while because it kind of brings I
don't know some light onto like the
whole like Call of Duty YouTube seen and
what not that it's just it's not as cool
as it is and as awesome as it is that we
can do this and I love doing it I love
making videos it shouldn't be I don't
know I don't feel like it should be
something that you just absolutely
surround yourself with because it's not
it almost gets the point where it's not
healthy and so you know you'll see like
I said earlier you see my uploading
schedule every two or three days you
know or every couple weeks you know
there will be a 2 3-day period where I
just kind of just kind of take take a
step back from it and that's kind of my
way of keeping my balance because you
got to have some kind of balance or it
just trust me I've done it before the
summer um going into my senior year this
past summer I did it and it completely
just like that was the start of Marie
and I breaking up and I think part of
the reason that that happened was
because I was so and to call duty at
YouTube and everything and I don't know
I just I think it's good to have a
balance and I kind of wanted to talk
about in this commentary but I'll end my
little rant on that and and I wanted to
talk to you guys a little bit about the
future as far as like commentaries and
stuff like that goes because I've been
doing the the marina recaps for a few
weeks now and you know you guys have
seen my casual commentaries here and
there where I just sit down and shoot
the shit with you guys because I like to
do those but a lot of videos have been
RTC and marie recap and like I said I'm
very thankful for the response i got on
that and i think i might do a debrief
with you guys just kind of keep you guys
updated as things keep going on and
stuff like that at some point maybe a
couple weeks down the road but i think
i'm going to start doing the sex stories
again if you guys have been sub to me
for a while you
I saw the probably the end of the sex
story genre of videos for me and those
were some really funny stories and I
swear every time I like think back to
him and like uh I'm like telling this
story to somebody I just remember like
little funny shit so I kind of wanted to
tell those again a lot of you guys
haven't seen those and I've kind of
gotten requests on Twitter and stuff
like that so i think i'm going to be
doing those for a little bit but they're
not going to be it's not going to be at
every video obviously i do i really need
to do a streaking with shenanigans I
just struggled it clips on this game
sometimes I guess this game the past
couple weeks has been frustrating for me
with the I've really played much since
the patch I think I played played a
session last night but since the patch
it's just kind of I guess I felt like
they didn't address the things that need
to be addressed that everybody was
complaining about and I'm glad they both
the AR today I'm 27 the tar are both
really good weapons now um as far as the
assault rifles go the SMG Z has no I
don't really use silencers on my smgs
anyways so that whole thing didn't
really affect me the lmg buff I honestly
did not just did not fucking get that
and then a couple other things oh the
m1216 got that buff um that was good i
think that was needed but the whole i
guess the the party system and the
matchmaking and and everything like like
lad wise connection wise it's just it's
terrible in this game it is so bad and i
think that they need to address that at
some point so anyways that wraps up the
video if you guys haven't seen my 200th
video and then my road to commander
episode 16 both those videos will be on
the screen i'm probably going to be live
streaming tonight on amp plan i will put
a link to that in description i hope you
guys enjoyed the video if you did
ratings are very much appreciated and i
will talk to you guys later peace